## FLOUZE ##
strongly inspired by the video "Money" from Tom Scott : https://youtu.be/FJSI7QTAt_o

[EN]
The players need to be able to communicate freely and every player needs to have his own device (phone/computer).
This game contains 5 games with 3 rounds each.
The currency in this game is called 'Flouze'.
At any time during the first 4 games, players are able to send Flouzes to each other.
In addition to the Flouze, players can win stars. The player with the most Stars at the end of game 4 gets to control a large sum of money. There is no garantie that he will keep it but there is a big advantage to be in this position.
Players cannot share stars.
All actions during the game should be anonymous. Players are not allowed to show their screen to other players.
The rules of every game are explained before each of them and the players will have time to discuss a strategy.
Obviously lying is allowed.

Every player has a name and password defined in 'players.txt' with wich they can log in to the game.
Once all players are logged in they get to chose a color (fastest win).

GAME 1 :
At every round, players can choose a certain amount of lottery tickets from 0 to 10.
There is always a winner unless everyone selected 0 tickets.
Every ticket gives the owner a chance to win the lottery. So the more tickets one chooses the more chances he has to win but ...
The winner will recieve the prize moey divided by the total amount of tickets chosen by all the players.
The prize money is different at each round 200, 400, and 600 Flouzes.
The winner of the last round will win a star in addition of the prize money. 
The choices of the players and winner of the lotteries are anonymous but the number of stars everyone owns is public.

GAME 2 :
At every round, players can choose a number between 1 and 5. 
Once everyone made their choices, the choosen numbers will be revealed anonymoously.
The winner is the player who choosed the smallest number that no one else has choosen. 
The winner will recieve the prize money multiplied by the number he chose.
The prize money is different at each round 50, 100, and 150 Flouzes.
The winner of the last round will win 2 stars in addition of the prize money.

GAME 3 : 
Every player has 100 Flouzes left. The rest of their money is set aside and will be put back at the end of the game. (If a player has less than 100 Flouzes the bank pays him the difference.)
At every round, players choose to invest a certain amount of their money in a common pot.
The bank will add a bonus to the common pot.
Then the content of the common pot is redistributed equally to every player.
The bonuses of the bank are 20%, 50% and 100% (of the content of the pot).
The player that makes the most money during these 3 rounds is granted 2 stars.

GAME 4 : 
At every round, the players can choose one of [number of players] different prizes.
A player recieves the choosen prize only if he is the only one that chose this prize.
The choices will be revealed publicliy. 
If all the prizes are distributed, then there will be a bonus at the next round.
Round 3 : If all the prizes are distributed at every round, then 500 Flouzes are added to the jackpot.

Star barthering : 
At the end of game 4 the players will be asked if they want to donate stars to other players. 
They still have the possiblitiy to make Flouze donations.
If there is more than one player with the most amount of stars, the fifth game is cancelled.

GAME 5 : 
For this game, the player with the most stars (Starmaster) is isolated from the other players.
The Starmaster gets the jackpot money but to keep a part of it he must find an agreement with the other players.
The starmaster has 3 attemps to make a monetary offer to the other players. (He has the option to offer negative values.)
During the time when the starmaster gets the rules explained and makes the first proposition, the other players can awnser quiz questions and get some Flouzes.
If the absolute majority accepts the offers, they all receive the proposed money and the starmaster keeps the rest.
If half or more of the other players reject the offer then the starmaster gets to make a new offer.
If the 3 offer is rejected, no one gets anything and the jackpot is withdrawn to the starmaster.
